Undocumented But Exported Builtins Predicates by Predicate - 2019/7/1

Predicate                          BltFile       
=========                          =======       
abolish_module/1                   blt_db.pro    
access_dbstr/3                     db_srctr.pro  
als_advise/1                       blt_msg.pro   
als_advise/1                       blt_shlc.pro  
als_advise/2                       blt_msg.pro   
als_advise/2                       blt_shlc.pro  
als_advise/3                       blt_msg.pro   
als_advise/3                       blt_shlc.pro  
als_exec/2                         blt_shl.pro   
assert_each/2                      blt_db.pro    
assign_alias/2                     sio.pro       
atom_concat/3                      blt_atom.pro  
atom_ok/1                          blt_evt.pro   
break_on/3, break_off/3            blt_evt.pro   
build_project/0                    projects.pro  
cancel_alias/1                     sio.pro       
change_current_drive/1             fsmac.pro     
change_current_drive/1             fsunix.pro    
change_current_drive/1             fswin32.pro   
change_source_level_debugging/1    xconsult.pro  
change_source_level_debugging/2    xconsult.pro  
char_list_ok/1                     blt_evt.pro   
choose_mult_files/3                projects.pro  
code_list_ok/1                     blt_evt.pro   
create_new_module/1                blt_db.pro    
current_alias/2                    sio.pro       
dca/2                              simplio.pro   
dcg_expand/2                       dcgs.pro      
dcg_phrase/3                       blt_std.pro   
decode_error/4                     blt_msg.pro   
defineClass/2                      objects.pro   
defineClass/3                      objects.pro   
directory/3                        fsmac.pro     
directory/3                        fsunix.pro    
directory/3                        fswin32.pro   
directory_self/1                   filepath.pro  
directory_self/2                   filepath.pro  
discontiguous/1                    blt_cslt.pro  
disj_to_string/2                   fsmac.pro     
disj_to_string/2                   fsunix.pro    
disj_to_string/2                   fswin32.pro   
do_shell_query2/2                  blt_shl.pro   
do_type_comp/3                     tc_base.pro   
do_type_comp/5                     tc_base.pro   
do_type_comp/8                     tc_base.pro   
doexport/1                         blt_db.pro    
domain_error/3                     blt_evt.pro   
douse/1                            blt_db.pro    
ensure_loaded/1                    blt_cslt.pro  
exhibit_var/1                      blt_frez.pro  
exhibit_var/2                      blt_frez.pro  
existence_error/3                  blt_evt.pro   
expand_code/3                      blt_msg.pro   
export_from/2                      blt_db.pro    
file_extension/3                   filepath.pro  
file_status/2                      fsmac.pro     
file_status/2                      fsunix.pro    
file_status/2                      fswin32.pro   
files/2                            fsmac.pro     
files/2                            fsunix.pro    
files/2                            fswin32.pro   
files/3                            fsmac.pro     
files/3                            fsunix.pro    
files/3                            fswin32.pro   
freeze/3                           blt_frez.pro  
freeze_list_ground/3               blt_frez.pro  
from(Mod, PredAs                   blt_db.pro    
getCall/1                          blt_sys.pro   
getDebugInterrupt/1                blt_sys.pro   
getDepth/1                         blt_sys.pro   
getRetry/1                         blt_sys.pro   
get_current_drive/1                fsmac.pro     
get_current_drive/1                fsunix.pro    
get_current_drive/1                fswin32.pro   
get_examples_dir/1                 blt_shlc.pro  
get_examples_write_dir/1           blt_shlc.pro  
get_object_handle/2                objs_run.pro  
hash_create/1                      blt_db.pro    
hash_delete/3                      blt_db.pro    
hash_delete_multi/3                blt_db.pro    
hash_delete_pattern/3              blt_db.pro    
hash_elements/3                    blt_db.pro    
hash_insert/3                      blt_db.pro    
hash_insert_multi/3                blt_db.pro    
hash_lookup/3                      blt_db.pro    
include/1                          blt_cslt.pro  
init_prolog_shell/6                blt_shl.pro   
instantiation_error/1              blt_evt.pro   
integer_ok/1                       blt_evt.pro   
is_absolute_path/1                 filepath.pro  
is_stream/2                        sio.pro       
join_path/2                        filepath.pro  
join_path/3                        filepath.pro  
kill_subdir/1                      fsunix.pro    
launch_project/1                   projects.pro  
list_asm/1                         blt_als.pro   
lsplit/3                           math88k.pro   
make_change_cwd/1                  filepath.pro  
make_cvector/2                     math88k.pro   
make_dbstr/1                       db_srctr.pro  
make_dbstr/2                       db_srctr.pro  
make_hash_framework/3              blt_db.pro    
make_rvector/2                     math88k.pro   
make_subdir/1                      fsmac.pro     
make_subdir/1                      fsunix.pro    
make_subdir/1                      fswin32.pro   
make_subdir/2                      fsmac.pro     
make_subdir/2                      fsunix.pro    
make_subdir/2                      fswin32.pro   
memberchk/2                        comp_d10.pro  
mode/1, public/1, multifile/1      comp_d10.pro  
move_file/2                        fsunix.pro    
move_file/2                        fswin32.pro   
multifile/1                        blt_cslt.pro  
new_cref/0                         projects.pro  
nonvar_ok/1                        blt_evt.pro   
nth/3                              simplio.pro   
number_ok/1                        blt_evt.pro   
numbervars/3                       comp_d10.pro  
object_handle/2                    objs_run.pro  
once/1                             blt_ctl.pro   
open_cref/0                        projects.pro  
output_prolog_list/1               simplio.pro   
output_prolog_list/6               simplio.pro   
output_prolog_list/7               simplio.pro   
parent_path/1                      filepath.pro  
parent_path/2                      filepath.pro  
pathPlusFile/3                     filepath.pro  
pathPlusFilesList/3                filepath.pro  
path_directory_tail/3              filepath.pro  
path_elements/2                    filepath.pro  
path_type/2                        filepath.pro  
path_type/3                        filepath.pro  
permission_error/4                 blt_evt.pro   
position/3                         simplio.pro   
position/4                         simplio.pro   
prolog_system_error/2              blt_msg.pro   
prolog_system_error/3              blt_msg.pro   
prolog_system_error/4              blt_msg.pro   
prolog_system_warning/2            blt_msg.pro   
prolog_system_warning/3            blt_msg.pro   
prolog_system_warning/4            blt_msg.pro   
propagate_event/3                  blt_evt.pro   
query_user/3                       simplio.pro   
query_user/4                       simplio.pro   
query_user/5                       simplio.pro   
query_user/6                       simplio.pro   
remove_subdir/1                    fsmac.pro     
remove_subdir/1                    fsunix.pro    
remove_subdir/1                    fswin32.pro   
resource_error/2                   blt_evt.pro   
same_disk/2                        filepath.pro  
same_path/2                        filepath.pro  
send_all/2                         objs_run.pro  
send_each/2                        objs_run.pro  
send_parent/2                      objs_run.pro  
send_self/2                        objs_run.pro  
setCall/1                          blt_sys.pro   
setDebugInterrupt/1                blt_sys.pro   
setDepth/1                         blt_sys.pro   
setRetry/1                         blt_sys.pro   
set_dbstr/3                        db_srctr.pro  
set_event_handler/2                blt_evt.pro   
set_object_handle/2                objs_run.pro  
set_stream_addl1/2                 sio.pro       
set_stream_addl2/2                 sio.pro       
set_stream_addl3/2                 sio.pro       
set_stream_blocking/2              sio.pro       
set_stream_buffer/2                sio.pro       
set_stream_eof_action/2            sio.pro       
set_stream_extra/2                 sio.pro       
set_stream_identifier/2            sio.pro       
set_stream_mode/2                  sio.pro       
set_stream_name/2                  sio.pro       
set_stream_open_status/2           sio.pro       
set_stream_pgoals/2                sio.pro       
set_stream_repositionability/2     sio.pro       
set_stream_snr_action/2            sio.pro       
set_stream_stype/2                 sio.pro       
set_stream_syntax_errors/2         sio.pro       
set_stream_token_list/2            sio.pro       
set_stream_type/2                  sio.pro       
set_stream_wt_depth_computation/2  sio.pro       
set_stream_wt_line_length/2        sio.pro       
set_stream_wt_maxdepth/2           sio.pro       
set_stream_wt_opts/2               sio.pro       
setup_cmd_line/0                   blt_misc.pro  
setup_lib/1                        blt_shlc.pro  
setup_libraries/0                  blt_shlc.pro  
shell_read_execute/4               blt_shl.pro   
show_delay_binding/4               blt_frez.pro  
show_v_list/1                      blt_frez.pro  
show_v_list/2                      blt_frez.pro  
show_variable/1                    blt_frez.pro  
show_variable/2                    blt_frez.pro  
simple_menu/3                      simplio.pro   
simple_menu/5                      simplio.pro   
source_level_debugging/1           xconsult.pro  
split_path/2                       filepath.pro  
split_path/3                       filepath.pro  
stack_overflow/0                   blt_stk.pro   
stack_overflow/1                   blt_stk.pro   
stream_addl1/2                     sio.pro       
stream_addl2/2                     sio.pro       
stream_addl3/2                     sio.pro       
stream_blocking/2                  sio.pro       
stream_buffer/2                    sio.pro       
stream_eof_action/2                sio.pro       
stream_extra/2                     sio.pro       
stream_identifier/2                sio.pro       
stream_mode/2                      sio.pro       
stream_name/2                      sio.pro       
stream_open_status/2               sio.pro       
stream_or_alias_ok/2               sio.pro       
stream_pgoals/2                    sio.pro       
stream_repositionability/2         sio.pro       
stream_snr_action/2                sio.pro       
stream_stype/2                     sio.pro       
stream_syntax_errors/2             sio.pro       
stream_token_list/2                sio.pro       
stream_type/2                      sio.pro       
stream_wt_depth_computation/2      sio.pro       
stream_wt_line_length/2            sio.pro       
stream_wt_maxdepth/2               sio.pro       
stream_wt_opts/2                   sio.pro       
sub_atom/4                         blt_atom.pro  
subdirs/1                          fsmac.pro     
subdirs/1                          fsunix.pro    
subdirs/1                          fswin32.pro   
subdirs_red/1                      fsmac.pro     
subdirs_red/1                      fsunix.pro    
subdirs_red/1                      fswin32.pro   
system_error/1                     blt_evt.pro   
tilda_expand/2                     filepath.pro  
trigger_event/2                    blt_evt.pro   
type_error/3                       blt_evt.pro   
use_by_mod/2                       blt_db.pro    
var_ok/1                           blt_evt.pro   
var_or_atom_ok/1                   blt_evt.pro   
var_or_integer_ok/1                blt_evt.pro   
var_or_nonneg_integer_ok/1         blt_evt.pro   
var_or_number_ok/1                 blt_evt.pro   
vc_arg/3                           math88k.pro   
vc_arg_first/3                     math88k.pro   
vc_arg_last/3                      math88k.pro   
vc_length/2                        math88k.pro   
vc_mag/2                           math88k.pro   
vc_mag2/2                          math88k.pro   
vc_split/3                         math88k.pro   
vr_arg/3                           math88k.pro   
vr_arg_first/3                     math88k.pro   
vr_arg_last/3                      math88k.pro   
vr_length/2                        math88k.pro   
vr_mag/2                           math88k.pro   
vr_split/3                         math88k.pro   
xconsult/2                         xconsult.pro  
xconsult/3                         xconsult.pro  
xmake_dbstr/2                      db_srctr.pro  
xxconsult/5                        xconsult.pro  
