.TH alspro 1 "18 October 1996" "ALS"
.SH NAME
alspro \- Prolog compiler and interactive shell
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B alspro
[
.B \-s \fIpath-to-dir\fR
] 
[ \fB\-g \fIgoal\fR ]
[
.B \-b \-q \-v
] 
[
.B \-a \-A \fIgoal\fR
]
.if n .ti +7n
[ \fB\-heap \fInumber\fR ]
[ \fB\-stack \fInumber\fR ]
.if n .ti +7n
[
.B \-obp \-gic \-gis \-giac \-gias \-no_obp
] 
.if n .ti +7n
[
.B \-no_dot_alspro \-nwd \-shell \-h \-\-help
] 
.if n .ti +7n
[
.IR sourcefile\| .\|.\|.
]
.if n .ti +7n
[
.B \-p \-P
.IR appargs\| .\|.\|.
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.I alspro
is the interactive Prolog development environment developed by Applied Logic
Systems.  ALS Prolog consists of an incremental Prolog compiler,
an interactive Prolog shell, and a library of builtin predicates.
The Prolog shell is a user interface 
to which you can submit Prolog goals
and have the results returned interactively. To the Prolog application 
programmer, ALS Prolog acts the same as a standard Prolog interpreter, but
internally, both consulted and asserted Prolog clauses are compiled.
.LP
Whenever 
.I alspro 
is executed, it will look for a startup file called .alspro in 
your current directory, and in your home directory. 
You can put Prolog procedures and directives in this file which will
customize your Prolog environment.
After processing the .alspro startup file, zero or more \fIsourcefile\fRs
are compiled (if necessary) and loaded into ALS Prolog.  Source files named
with a \fI.pro\fR extension may be compiled into a more quickly loadable
form denoted with the \fI.obp\fR extension by leaving the extension off
when loading the file.  When specified without an extension, ALS Prolog will
load the most recently modified
of the \fI.pro\fR and \fI.obp\fR files updating the latter if necessary.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-s \fI<pathToDirectory>Directory\fR
The path is added to the searchdir/1 sequence. Multiple occurrences of -s with
a path may occur on the command line; the associated paths are processed
and added to the searchdir/1 facts in order corresponding to their left-toright
occurrence on the command line. All paths occurring with -s on the
command line are added to the searchdir/1 facts before any paths obtained
from the ALSPATH environment variable.
.TP  
\fB\-g \fIgoal\fR
run the Prolog 
.IR goal
after ALS Prolog starts up as if it was the first goal typed to the 
Prolog shell after the system is started. The goal might have to be quoted depending on the
rules of the shell you are running in or if the goal contains any of your
shell's special characters.  The goal need not have a terminating full stop
(period). Multiple goals can be submitted; they are executed in left-to-right order.
When the submitted goal (or goals) finishes running (with success or failure), control is 
passed to the normal Prolog shell unless the -b command line option has also been used, 
in which case control returns to the operating system shell.  
.TP 
.B \-b
runs alspro in batch mode, which means that the normal Prolog shell is prevented
from running and control will return to the OS shell when all command line processing is 
complete, including processing of source files and execution of -g goals.
.TP
.B \-q 
causes all standard system loading messages to be suppressed, 
including the banner. One of the uses of -q is to permit you to use
alspro as a Unix filter. Note that this does not turn off prompts issued
by the Prolog shell.
.TP
.B \-v
turns on verbose mode. This causes all system loading messages, including 
some which are normally suppressed, to be printed.
.TP
\fB\-a,-A \fI<Expr>\fR
where <Expr> can be M:(<H1>,...<Hk>) or M:<H>, or M can be omitted, and where
the <Hi> and <H> are Prolog facts (and where the entire expression may need to be
enclosed in single quotes to defeat the OS shell), causes all of the <Hi>, or <H> to
be asserted in module M, or if M is omitted, asserted in module user.  Thus, 
alspro -a 'ice:(ben, jerry)' will cause the facts ben and jerry to be asserted in
module ice, and alspro -A 'tasty(vanilla)' will cause the fact tasty(vanilla) to
be asserted in module user.
.TP
.B \-heap \fInumber\fR
For large \fInumber\fR, sets the initial heap size to \fInumber\fR Kilobytes. 
For small \fInumber\fR, sets the initial heap size to the base heap size, incremented
by \fInumber\fR Kilobytes.  The
.B \-heap
option overrides the ALS_OPTIONS environment varaible's heap_size option. 
Cf. statistics/0.
.TP
.B \-stack \fInumber\fR
sets the stack size to \fInumber\fR Kilobytes. The
.B \-stack
options overrides the ALS_OPTIONS enviromnent variable's stack_size option.
Cf. statistics/0.
.TP
Below note that consulting <path><file>.pro suppresses creation 
.ti -7n
of <file>.obp, while consulting <path><file> without '.pro' 
.ti -7n
requests creation of <file>.obp.
.TP
.B \-obp
causes alspro to keep generated obp files in the same directory where the image is running.
.TP
.B \-gic
causes alspro to keep generated obp files in the same directory where the image is running.
.TP
.B \-gis
causes alspro to keep generated obp files in the same directory from which the source file was consulted.
.TP
.B \-giac
causes alspro to generate obp files in a subdirectory of the directory the where the image is running;
the subdirectory is named for the architecture of the running image.
.TP
.B \-gias
causes alspro to generate obp files in a subdirectory of the directory from which the source
files where consulted;
the subdirectory is named for the architecture of the running image.
.TP
.B \-no_obp
causes alspro to suppress all generation of *.obp files.
.TP
.B \-no_dot_alspro 
causes alspro to avoid loading .alspro or alspro.pro.
.TP
.B \-p,-P
distinguishes between command line arguments intended for ALS Prolog and 
those switches intended for an application.  Those command line arguments
which occur after (rightwards from) the \fB\-p\fR will be accessible as a list via the
procedure \fIcommand_line/1\fR.
If \fB\-P\fR is used instead of \fB\-p\fR, the name of the image will be
the first element of the list obtained from \fIcommand_line/1\fR.  The
.B \-P
switch is useful for developing programs which will eventually be turned
into standalone applications.
.TP
.B \-nwd 
instructs the debugger under alsdev to only use the system console for display.
.TP
.B \-shell \fI<shell>\fR
causes alspro to use the non-default <shell> after processing the command line; currently, the only known other <shell> is alsdev.
.TP
.B \-h 
Displays the help info on the console.
.TP
See also Wiki Section 13.7.
.LP
The
.B ALS_OPTIONS
environment variable may be used to control certain other
environmental aspects of
ALS Prolog, including initial heap and stack size.  The
.B ALS_OPTIONS
environment variable should be set to a sequence of
options where each option is separated from the previous option by a
comma.  The valid options which may appear in 
.B ALS_OPTIONS
(ranked from most to least useful) are:
.RS
.TP 2i
heap_size:HSIZE
HSIZE*1024 is the initial size of the heap in bytes.
.TP
stack_size:SSIZE
SSIZE*1024 is the initial stack size in bytes.
.TP
icbuf_size:ISIZE
ISIZE*1024 is the initial icode buffer
size in bytes.  The size of the icode buffer has a direct
bearing on the size of clauses which may be asserted
and on the number of clauses which the indexer may
successfully index.
.TP
debug_shell
Cause ALS-Prolog to start up with a very
primitive Prolog shell without any (Prolog defined)
builtins.  This shell is useful to help determine what
is going on when ALS-Prolog is massively broken.
.RE
.LP
The following Bourne shell commands will set the
.B ALS_OPTIONS
environment variable so that ALS Prolog will start up with a four megabyte
heap and a two megabyte stack:
.RS
.LP
ALS_OPTIONS=heap_size:4096,stack_size:2048
.br
export ALS_OPTIONS
.SH RETURN VALUE
Exit status is:
.RS 3
.TP 5
0
Normal termination
.PD 0
.TP
1
(not used yet)
.TP
2
Abnormal termination: incorrect command line option, fatal error, etc.
.PD
.RE
.SH FILES
.DT
.TP
\fIPRODIR\fR/als/examples/*
example Prolog programs
.TP
\fIPRODIR\fR/als/alsdir/*
ALS Prolog system files
.LP
.I PRODIR
is usually /usr/local/prolog.
.SH SEE ALSO
.LP
.I "ALS Prolog User's Guide and Reference Manual"
.br
