Macintosh ALS Prolog Build Instructions
=======================================
Author: Chuck Houpt Date: 3-April-1996

These instructions assume that the ALS Prolog source directory exists, and all of
its generated files are up to date (for example: generated makefiles, headers,
etc).  The ALS Prolog source directory is refered to as {srcdir} in this
document.

Build Materials:
----------------

¥ Macintosh (68k or PowerPC) with at least 20 MB of available memory and at least
150 MB of available disk space.

¥ Metrowerk's Code Warrior Gold 8 with the following options and modifications: -
Install with at least these two packages: - Macintosh Programmer's Workshop -
Metrowerks MPW Tools for MacOS - Copy the MPW script MakeIt from
{srcdir}port:macos: to {MPW}Scripts:

¥ Code Warrior Grand Unified Socket Interface Library (CWGUSI) 1.7 Freeware by
Matthias Neeracher (neeri@iis.ee.ethz.ch) Available from
http://err.ethz.ch/members/neeri/macintosh.html Install CWGUSI as follows: -
Create the directories {MPW}Interfaces:GUSIIncludes: and
{MPW}Libraries:GUSILibraries: - copy :GUSI:include and :GUSI:Lib into the two
newly created directories.

Build Instructions:
-------------------

Netatalk note:  If you are building off of a Netatalk volume, then it is
necessary to enusure that all the files have been assigned a creator and type by
Netatalk, before MPW uses the files.  This only has to be done once, after the
source directory is created.

Follow this procedure:  From the Finder open the volume that contains {srcdir}
and view by name.  Option-Click on the arrow next to {srcdir}.  This will open
{srcdir} and all its subdirectories, causing Netatalk to assign creator and types
to all files.

1. Create a build directory, which will be refered to as {blddir}

2. Launch MPW, and run the bd_mac script with the command line below:

{srcdir}bin:bd_mac {srcdir} {blddir}

Here is a description of bd_mac:

bd_mac source_director build_directory

bd_mac is a MPW script that takes two directories as arguments. source_directory
is the ALS Prolog source directory ({srcdir}) and build_directory is the build
directory created in step 1 ({blddir}). bd_mac creates all the necessary
directories and files  for a build in build_directory.

3. Set MPW's working directory to {blddir}

4. Execute the MakeIt script.  No Errors should be displayed during the build
process.

Testing
-------

To test the portable version, set MPW's working directory to {blddir}bld-port:
and execute "MakeIt testrun".


Files generated:
----------------

Alspro libararies:

{blddir}bld-port:alspro.ppc.lib
{blddir}bld-port:alspro.68k.lib

Stand alone TTY applications:

{blddir}bld-port:sioux_alspro_b_ppc
{blddir}bld-port:sioux_alspro_b_68k
{blddir}bld-port:sioux_alspro_b (Fat Binary)

MPW Tools:

{blddir}bld-port:mpw_alspro_b_ppc
{blddir}bld-port:mpw_alspro_b_68k
{blddir}bld-port:mpw_alspro_b (Fat Binary)
{blddir}bld-port:alspro_b (Duplicate of mpw_alspro_b for use in test scripts)

MacOS Interface Libraries:

{blddir}bld-wins:macos:als_macos_ppc
{blddir}bld-wins:macos:als_macos_68k
{blddir}bld-wins:macos:macosinterf.ppc.lib
{blddir}bld-wins:macos:macosinterf.68k.lib
{blddir}bld-wins:macos:macos.pro
